Update threat-intelligence.md (#23046)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threats/threat-intelligence.md

## Bring your own threat intelligence

> <div class="alert alert-info">Bring your own threat intelligence is in private beta. To request access, fill out [this form][9].</div>

Author: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Bring your own threat intelligence is in private beta. To request access, fill out <a href="https://forms.gle/JV8VLH1ZTzmUnK5F7">this form</a>.</div>
```

[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/asm/threat-intel
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/asm/rules/edit/kdb-irk-nua?product=appsec
[7]: /security/threat_intelligence#threat-intelligence-categories
[8]: /security/threat_intelligence#threat-intelligence-intents

> [9]: https://forms.gle/JV8VLH1ZTzmUnK5F7

Author: ```suggestion
```
